hello and welcome to motor news with me
Katy Neiman first reported on motor news
the alfa romeo mito is due to be
launched gradually from july in all
major markets the Mito is the first car
to be built as the 8c Competizione II
and will the Alfa Romeos most compact
sports car with dimensions of just 4.6
meters long 1.4 meters high at one point
seventy two metres wide the car will
have special features available as
standard such as the Alfa DNA system
suspension with coil over Springs q2
electronics DST as well as seven airbags
the first step of production FCX Clarity
on this advanced hydrogen fuel cell car
has rolled off the assembly line in
Japan after 19 years of development this
real-world fuel cell car marks the
beginning of a new era of cleaner
motoring the FCX Clarity which emits
only water from its exhaust pipe was
presented to three of the first u.s.
customers in a line of ceremony and the
world's first dedicated fuel cell
vehicle factory the Honda automobile new
models centre the lease sales plan will
be just 70 cars per year with a total of
200 units over three years
thus a nice Benz has launched an
integrated marketing campaign for the
new sales C with a slogan what car do
you drive when you're dreaming
presenting the new sports coupe a as an
affordable dream car his key message is
that the CLC offers an attractive and
reasonably priced entry into the
mercedes-benz coupe a family alongside
classic print media ads TV commercials
and dealership marketing mercedes-benz
focuses on the customers personal
experience a year after introducing the
renault eco to label which enables
customers to identify the most
environmentally friendly cars the car
maker is continuing his efforts to
reduce co2 emissions making renault one
of europe's three most carbon efficient
car makers amongst numerous projects the
company has recently unveiled his AV
prototype scenic as Eddy V h2 which is
powered by a fuel cell emitting only
water vapour Renaud's manufacturing
sites have now also killed iso14001
environmental certification after a
construction period of two and a half
years B&W is open the doors to the newly
expanded BMW museum the exhibition space
has been expanded fivefold to more than
5,000 wear meters the new BMW museum
showcases the historical evolution of
the brand along with its achievements
and sporting successes some 120 exhibits
encompassing production and racing
models as well as concert vehicles are
showcased at the new BMW Museum in
Munich
featured themes range from design an
engine construction to advertising
aerodynamics and motorsport the museum
will be open to the public from June
21st after two and a half years of
construction that's it for this edition
scene
time on right to news